It's okay if you don't like me.
But I just need you to remember me Gu Shichen
Is your first man
I'll kill you!
Hahahaha
You are mine
Stop
Master Chen
I thought you were just stupid
Now it looks like you're not only stupid but also a jerk
Tell me how you want to die
Just one person?
No bodyguards
Then what are you crazy about?
The big deal is fish die and the net is broken
I'll kill you now.
Are you serious about asking me to kill him?
Forget it, let Ling Han handle it
However, to prevent the identity from being exposed
Throw him on the street, understand
The situation is wrong.
Damn it, don't you soften it?
I'm afraid it's too late to work hard to detoxify now
Likely to be heartbroken
Chen Bufan
I like you.
Let me be your woman